Optional Fix for README (#101)
fortran-lang/fpm: README.md

### Install Haskell

> To install **Haskell Stack**, follow these [instructions](https://docs.haskellstack.org/en/stable/README/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To install **Haskell Stack**, follow these [instructions](https://docs.haskellstack.org/en/stable/install_and_upgrade/)
- users without superuser (admin) permissions should follow the [manual installation](https://docs.haskellstack.org/en/stable/install_and_upgrade/#manual-download_2) procedure.
```

Author: Done!

> Make sure that the development library of `gmp` is installed (e.g. `sudo apt install libgmp-dev` on Debian-derived Linux distributions)

Reviewer: This line is no longer required; if installing manually, then the [manual installation](https://docs.haskellstack.org/en/stable/install_and_upgrade/#manual-download_2) instructions list which prerequisites to install, including `libgmp-dev`.

Author: Done!
